malú plaça we are a company with six
years in the market dedicated to the
making the polyethylene bags
experience and product quality has
been the basis to position ourselves in the
market of this item counting on the
credibility of our portfolio of
customers
the company is staffed
highly qualified
counting on modern machinery that is
periodically renewed allowing
that malú plas offers a high product
quality and efficiency
We offer our clients extensive
variety in polyethylene bags
Low and high density in various sizes
thicknesses and colors
our experience and ability
installed allows us to satisfy
needs of the commerce industry
agriculture advertising supermarkets
mining state institutions
municipalities among others
Our production is made up of
printing extrusion processes and
sealed
and extrusion
it is a continuous process by which the
resin is subjected to high temperatures
to melt them by the action of these and
of friction
then she is forced to go through a die that
provides you with forms and measures
defined by default
forming the polyethylene sleeve
when mixing the resin with additives from
color called masterbatch too
we can give a lot of colors to
these low polyethylene sleeves and
high density according to the
demands of our customers
finally this coil is cooled to
avoid permanent deformations
yes
Print
process by which you get it
the flexographic ink to the surface of
the polyethylene coil passing it to
through our printing machine that
has an image carrier
porous or clips sets
using liquid inks according to
Design defined by our customers
Our printing machine can realize
Prints of up to 6 colors counting
with specialized equipment to measure and
control the color
keeping an accurate record and a
uniform attention achieving impressions
of photographic quality
yes
sealed
Our modern machinery allows us
perform various types of sealing as
seal stamp lateral seal stamp
reinforced and more we can also give to
our final product finished with gauze
patch
troquel teacher
die to kidney and others
on the other hand and malú plas in order to
Protect the environment
we recycle the excess plastic of the
productive process and we reuse it in
the manufacture of more bags reducing
maximize the impact on the environment
environment thus demonstrating another of
our strengths our commitment
with the environment
malu plas making bags
plastic